#summary A list of all the user stories for each iteration of the project and long-term goals.
#labels Phase-Requirements

= Iteration 4 =

 # The user can see the program name, "Follow Me," at the top of the main menu.
 # On the game screen, the user can see the current score.
 # On the game screen, the user can see the current number of lives left.
 # The instructions screen explains how lives function.
 # The instructions screen has a Back button that takes the user to the main menu when clicked.
 # If the user runs out of lives with a score in the top 10 recorded in cookies on the client computer, the program asks for a name and inserts that name and the new score in the High Score table. *(Or should they be stored on the server to create competition?)*
 # Regardless of whether the user just received a high score, a table of the top 10 scores and their associated names is then shown.
 # On the Rules page, the user can select only one button from each row and column, and the current rule set is shown on this page by default. (Ben)
 # The Rules page includes instructions for its use. (Ben)

= Iteration 3 =

 # The user can see the color grid for changing the rules in the rules page (i.e. red means yellow and so on). (Ben)
 # The user can press the High Scores button to be taken to a screen with a "Back" button and space for high scores records. (Stephen)
 # When the user clicks "Start Game" on the main menu, an instructions screen will appear with a "How to Play" section and the current rule set. (Jeremy)
 # On the instructions screen, the user can click "Start Game" to be taken to the game screen and play a game with the rules shown on the instructions screen. (Jeremy)
 # The buttons on each screen are scaled appropriately to the screen (i.e. no cropping of buttons, constant aspect ratio in the main menu, colored buttons each taking up a quarter of the part of the window below the Back button, etc.). (Ben, Stephen, Jeremy)
 # To prevent confusion, the buttons used for the game logic do not glow when the mouse hovers over them. (Jeremy)

= Iteration 2 =

 # The buttons have a smooth, 3D appearance. (Jeremy)
 # The user can hover the mouse over any button in the program and see its image change slightly to indicate the mouse-over event. (Jeremy)
 # The user can press any button on the screen and have the button react visually as if it were being pushed into the screen. (Jeremy)
 # The user can press the Start Game button to be taken to a screen (referred to hereafter as the "game screen") consisting of four differently colored buttons and a "Back" button. (Stephen)
 # The user can press the Settings button to be taken to a screen with a "Back" button and space for settings controls. (Stephen)
 # The user can press the Rules button to be taken to a screen with an explanation of the basic game rules and a "Back" button. (Ben)
 # Each "Back" button should return the user to the main menu. (Jeremy)
 # The application resizes itself dynamically whenever the window is resized. (Ben)
 # The same code works in the same way on every platform and browser listed in U1:2. (Jeremy, Stephen, Ben)
 # While the game screen is shown, the four buttons light up one at a time in a random sequence. (Jeremy)

= Iteration 1 =

 # The user can visit the web page and see a graphical application (http://levi.cis.indwes.edu/~bemrick/CIS%20320%20Project/simon_says.html).
 # The same web page works for Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and the latest versions of Firefox, Chrome, Safari, and Opera. It also works for a PC, Mac, iPad, iPod, iPhone, and Android phone.
 # The user can see a menu layout including Start Game, High Score, Settings, and Rules buttons.

= Long-Term Goals =

 # Two users can play against each other on separate devices.
 # Rule sets can be altered between games.
 # The full game works identically on every platform and browser listed in US1:2.